- Okay guys, what kind of
riding do you want to do today?
You gonna ride to work?
Ride to the station?
- I'd say at work and
into town?
- Yeah? Into town?
- Yeah.
- Okay, do you wanna
ride on the cycle path
or do you wanna ride on the roads?
'Cause we have quite a few choices.
- Hmm.
- I prefer cycle path.
- Yeah? Is that because they're quieter?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
They can be a little bit further,
but obviously they're very quiet.
But I think-
Should we learn to ride
on the road as well?
Get some skills to learn
on the ride.
- Yeah, I prefer on the road,
but yeah, I can understand
it can get busy.
- Yeah. Yeah, it can, but it's-
You've quite a direct
route, often, on the road.
Okay. Brilliant. How might
you plan your journey?
- I usually use Google Maps?
- Okay. So you take your phone with you?
- Mm-hmm.
- Do you always take
your phone with you when you go riding?
Yeah. It's a good decision,
- Yeah.
- I think. Yeah,
- it's a good decision.
So what sort of other things might you
take with you when you go riding?
- A water bottle.
- Water bottle. Brilliant.
Having a drink of water is a good idea.
- Some tools.
- Some tools? What kind of things, Matt?
Allen keys, puncture repair kit.
- [Instructor] Brilliant. Yeah. Okay.
What if you get a flat tyre?
- Inner tube?
- Inner tube. How you gonna inflate it?
- [Together] A pump.
- Yeah. Brilliant.
With a pump. Fantastic.
Anything else you might take?
- I take a lock.
- Okay. Lock. Yeah.
So if you wanna stop at the
shops or anything like that,
pick your lunch up or whatever.
You can lock your bike outside.
It's a really good idea.
Do you lock it through the wheels
or through the frame?
I do both.
- Okay. Yeah, good, good.
If you can, do both.
If you can't, I think just lock it
through the frame's
probably the best idea.
What about our changeable
weather in the UK?
What might you have in your-
- Oh, a jacket.
- Yeah!
Jacket's a really good idea.
Make sure you are dressed
appropriately for the conditions.
'Cause they can change quite quickly.
Absolutely. And if you are
carrying this kind of stuff,
'cause it sounds like you've got
quite a lot of stuff with you,
if you're carrying it,
how might you carry it?
- [Matt] Oh, backpack.
- Backpack. Brilliant. Yeah.
Do you think it's a good idea to have
that backpack on your handlebars?
- No.
- No?
No, it's not good to
control your bike, is it?
So, backpack or maybe a frame bag
or something like that
to carry everything.
Yeah. Great. Okay.
Brilliant, should we do some riding?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Let's go.